Geo dcat charter (#106)
opengeospatial/geosemantics-dwg: README.md

This is the open repository for work done within the OGC GeoSemantics DWG. 

> # GeoSPARQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GeoSPARQL
```

Reviewer: You might add a proper `H1` or `#` line with a title for the document, above the current line 1 ... but there should only ever be one such `H1` or `#` line in a document; there may be as many `H2` or `##` lines as there are sections.

The white paper: [OGC Benefits of Representing Spatial Data Using Semantic and Graph Technologies](https://github.com/opengeospatial/geosemantics-dwg/blob/master/white_paper/wp.pdf)

> # GeoDCAT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GeoDCAT
```

> A joint SWG (with the MetaCat DWG) for the publication of GeoDCAT, GeoDCAT-AP and other profiles of DCAT to support use of OGC standards in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A joint SWG (with the MetaCat DWG) for the publication of GeoDCAT, GeoDCAT-AP, and other profiles of DCAT to support use of OGC standards.
```

# GeoDCAT

> A SWG, jointly hosted by the GeoSemantics DWG and the MetaCat DWG, for the publication of GeoDCAT, GeoDCAT-AP and other profiles of DCAT to support use of OGC standards in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An SWG, jointly hosted by the GeoSemantics DWG and the MetaCat DWG, for the publication of GeoDCAT, GeoDCAT-AP, and other profiles of DCAT to support use of OGC standards. 
```
